docs: update docs (#1)
kogisin/farming: x/farming/spec/03_state_transitions.md

- Staking Coins for Farming

>   - Each `farmingPlan` predefines list of `stakingCoinWeights` using `sdk.DecCoins`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Each `Plan` defines a list of `StakingCoinWeights` using `sdk.DecCoins`
```

>   - `weight` mean that each group of farmers with each coin `denom` will receive each predefined `weight` of the total rewards

Reviewer: It's great that you work on this. I didn't revise this part in #172. This sentence is actually awkward to me. Let me revise this.

Author: OK!

>   - `weight` mean that each group of farmers with each coin `denom` will receive each predefined `weight` of the total rewards

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Each weight in `StakingCoinWeights` is calculated in accordance with the total rewards and farmers who stake the coin denom defined in `StakingCoinWeights` will receive the relative amount of rewards.
```

- it reserves the amount of coins to the staking reserve pool account `StakingReservePoolAcc` 
- it creates `QueuedStaking` object and stores the staking coins in `QueueStaking`, which are waiting in a queue until the end of epoch to move to `Staking` object
- it imposes more gas if the farmer already has `Staking` with the same coin denom(see [07_params.md](07_params.md#DelayedStakingGasFee) for details)

## Unstake

When a farmer unstakes an amount of coins, the following state transitions occur:

- it adds `Staking` and `QueueStaking` amounts to see if the unstaking amount is sufficient
- it automatically withdraws rewards for the coin denom which are accumulated over the last epochs

> - it subtracts the unstaking amount of coins from `QueueStaking` first and if it is not sufficient then it substracts from `Staking`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- it subtracts the unstaking amount of coins from `QueueStaking` first and if it is not sufficient then it subtracts from `Staking`
```
